docs: updates Azure VPC peering service principal (#782)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/tutorials/01-30-azure-vpc-peering.md

## Steps <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->

1.  Log in to Azure and set the active subscription
    ```shell
    export SUBSCRIPTION={SUBSCRIPTION}
    az login
    az account set --subscription $SUBSCRIPTION
    ```

> 2.  Assign required roles to the Cloud Manager peering service principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Assign the required roles to the Cloud Manager peering service principal
```

    ```
    azurevpcpeering.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/peering-to-my-vnet condition met
    ```

10. Create a namespace and export its value as an environment variable. Run:

    ```shell
    export NAMESPACE={NAMESPACE_NAME}
    kubectl create ns $NAMESPACE
    ```

11. Create a workload that pings the VM in the remote network.
    ```shell
    kubectl apply -n $NAMESPACE -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: azurevpcpeering-demo
    spec:
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: azurevpcpeering-demo
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            app: azurevpcpeering-demo
        spec:
          containers:
          - name: my-container
            resources:
              limits:
                memory: 512Mi
                cpu: "1"
              requests:
                memory: 256Mi
                cpu: "0.2"
            image: ubuntu
            command:
              - "/bin/bash"
              - "-c"
              - "--"
            args:
              - "apt update; apt install iputils-ping -y; ping -c 20 $IP_ADDRESS"
    EOF
    ```

>     This workload should print a sequence of 20 echo replies to stdout.

Reviewer: Why "should"? Is this uncertain?
Why not "This workload prints a sequence of 20 echo replies to stdout."
Did something go wrong if it doesn't print 20 echo replies to stdout?

Author: It is more like if VPC peering is in place this command will print a sequence of 20 echo replies to stdout.

I agree that it is nicer without should.

12. To print the logs of one of the workloads, run:

    ```shell
    kubectl logs -n $NAMESPACE `kubectl get pod -n $NAMESPACE -l app=azurevpcpeering-demo -o=jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}'`
    ```

>     The command should print an output similar to the following:

Reviewer: same question here, can we drop the "should"?

```suggestion
    The command prints an output similar to the following:
```
